Oh.
Ye Chen, this kid is really capable
I really packed the top floor of the Oriental Pearl.
What's wrong with this kid?
Project collaboration on offshore power generation and the Heart of the Ocean
Did he find it too?
If you really find it
What should you do about your marriage to the Su family?
Then it's lifted.
Might as well come to Taisu Building to pick up a girl and hit on a girl
Children must be careful in marriage
Dad, I get it.
I passed through Jinling
Concurrency almost died
He saved my life.
I also discovered his identity
Don't be deceived.
I'll tell you the truth
The little master is Su Yize, the prince of Jinling
I have seen the jade pendant up close.
It's true, but that jade pendant
Yechen has it too?
What's going on here?
Let's find out.
Don't make trouble, the owner of the oolong said
The person holding the jade pendant is the master of the temple of the king of gods
At the same time, he will also inherit his unparalleled art Taixuan Sutra
Then we'll see who will
Who is that?